c:\users\darren.brown\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\HypemediaWebApi2012\HypemediaWebApi2012\HypemediaWebApi2012.Documentation\bin\Debug\HypemediaWebApi2012.Documentation.dll
c:\users\darren.brown\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\HypemediaWebApi2012\HypemediaWebApi2012\HypemediaWebApi2012.Documentation\bin\Debug\HypemediaWebApi2012.Documentation.pdb
c:\users\darren.brown\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\HypemediaWebApi2012\HypemediaWebApi2012\HypemediaWebApi2012.Documentation\bin\Debug\Castle.Core.dll
c:\users\darren.brown\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\HypemediaWebApi2012\HypemediaWebApi2012\HypemediaWebApi2012.Documentation\bin\Debug\Castle.Windsor.dll
c:\users\darren.brown\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\HypemediaWebApi2012\HypemediaWebApi2012\HypemediaWebApi2012.Documentation\bin\Debug\IQ.Platform.Framework.Common.dll
c:\users\darren.brown\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\HypemediaWebApi2012\HypemediaWebApi2012\HypemediaWebApi2012.Documentation\bin\Debug\IQ.Platform.Framework.WebApi.dll
c:\users\darren.brown\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\HypemediaWebApi2012\HypemediaWebApi2012\HypemediaWebApi2012.Documentation\bin\Debug\IQ.Platform.Framework.WebApi.HelpGen.dll
c:\users\darren.brown\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\HypemediaWebApi2012\HypemediaWebApi2012\HypemediaWebApi2012.Documentation\bin\Debug\IQ.Platform.Framework.WebApi.Model.dll
c:\users\darren.brown\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\HypemediaWebApi2012\HypemediaWebApi2012\HypemediaWebApi2012.Documentation\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Data.Edm.dll
c:\users\darren.brown\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\HypemediaWebApi2012\HypemediaWebApi2012\HypemediaWebApi2012.Documentation\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Data.OData.dll
c:\users\darren.brown\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\HypemediaWebApi2012\HypemediaWebApi2012\HypemediaWebApi2012.Documentation\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\darren.brown\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\HypemediaWebApi2012\HypemediaWebApi2012\HypemediaWebApi2012.Documentation\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\darren.brown\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\HypemediaWebApi2012\HypemediaWebApi2012\HypemediaWebApi2012.Documentation\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.dll
c:\users\darren.brown\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\HypemediaWebApi2012\HypemediaWebApi2012\HypemediaWebApi2012.Documentation\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\darren.brown\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\HypemediaWebApi2012\HypemediaWebApi2012\HypemediaWebApi2012.Documentation\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.dll
c:\users\darren.brown\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\HypemediaWebApi2012\HypemediaWebApi2012\HypemediaWebApi2012.Documentation\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.Core.dll
c:\users\darren.brown\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\HypemediaWebApi2012\HypemediaWebApi2012\HypemediaWebApi2012.Documentation\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.Interfaces.dll
c:\users\darren.brown\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\HypemediaWebApi2012\HypemediaWebApi2012\HypemediaWebApi2012.Documentation\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.Linq.dll
c:\users\darren.brown\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\HypemediaWebApi2012\HypemediaWebApi2012\HypemediaWebApi2012.Documentation\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.PlatformServices.dll
c:\users\darren.brown\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\HypemediaWebApi2012\HypemediaWebApi2012\HypemediaWebApi2012.Documentation\bin\Debug\System.Spatial.dll
c:\users\darren.brown\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\HypemediaWebApi2012\HypemediaWebApi2012\HypemediaWebApi2012.Documentation\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\darren.brown\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\HypemediaWebApi2012\HypemediaWebApi2012\HypemediaWebApi2012.Documentation\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.OData.dll
c:\users\darren.brown\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\HypemediaWebApi2012\HypemediaWebApi2012\HypemediaWebApi2012.Documentation\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\darren.brown\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\HypemediaWebApi2012\HypemediaWebApi2012\HypemediaWebApi2012.Documentation\bin\Debug\Castle.Core.xml
c:\users\darren.brown\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\HypemediaWebApi2012\HypemediaWebApi2012\HypemediaWebApi2012.Documentation\bin\Debug\Castle.Windsor.xml
c:\users\darren.brown\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\HypemediaWebApi2012\HypemediaWebApi2012\HypemediaWebApi2012.Documentation\bin\Debug\IQ.Platform.Framework.WebApi.xml
c:\users\darren.brown\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\HypemediaWebApi2012\HypemediaWebApi2012\HypemediaWebApi2012.Documentation\bin\Debug\IQ.Platform.Framework.WebApi.Model.xml
c:\users\darren.brown\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\HypemediaWebApi2012\HypemediaWebApi2012\HypemediaWebApi2012.Documentation\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Data.Edm.xml
c:\users\darren.brown\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\HypemediaWebApi2012\HypemediaWebApi2012\HypemediaWebApi2012.Documentation\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Data.OData.xml
c:\users\darren.brown\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\HypemediaWebApi2012\HypemediaWebApi2012\HypemediaWebApi2012.Documentation\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\darren.brown\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\HypemediaWebApi2012\HypemediaWebApi2012\HypemediaWebApi2012.Documentation\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.xml
c:\users\darren.brown\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\HypemediaWebApi2012\HypemediaWebApi2012\HypemediaWebApi2012.Documentation\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\darren.brown\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\HypemediaWebApi2012\HypemediaWebApi2012\HypemediaWebApi2012.Documentation\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.xml
c:\users\darren.brown\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\HypemediaWebApi2012\HypemediaWebApi2012\HypemediaWebApi2012.Documentation\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.Core.xml
c:\users\darren.brown\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\HypemediaWebApi2012\HypemediaWebApi2012\HypemediaWebApi2012.Documentation\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.Interfaces.xml
c:\users\darren.brown\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\HypemediaWebApi2012\HypemediaWebApi2012\HypemediaWebApi2012.Documentation\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.Linq.xml
c:\users\darren.brown\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\HypemediaWebApi2012\HypemediaWebApi2012\HypemediaWebApi2012.Documentation\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.PlatformServices.xml
c:\users\darren.brown\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\HypemediaWebApi2012\HypemediaWebApi2012\HypemediaWebApi2012.Documentation\bin\Debug\System.Spatial.xml
c:\users\darren.brown\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\HypemediaWebApi2012\HypemediaWebApi2012\HypemediaWebApi2012.Documentation\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\darren.brown\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\HypemediaWebApi2012\HypemediaWebApi2012\HypemediaWebApi2012.Documentation\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.OData.xml
c:\users\darren.brown\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\HypemediaWebApi2012\HypemediaWebApi2012\HypemediaWebApi2012.Documentation\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\darren.brown\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\HypemediaWebApi2012\HypemediaWebApi2012\HypemediaWebApi2012.Documentation\bin\Debug\de\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\darren.brown\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\HypemediaWebApi2012\HypemediaWebApi2012\HypemediaWebApi2012.Documentation\bin\Debug\es\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\darren.brown\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\HypemediaWebApi2012\HypemediaWebApi2012\HypemediaWebApi2012.Documentation\bin\Debug\fr\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\darren.brown\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\HypemediaWebApi2012\HypemediaWebApi2012\HypemediaWebApi2012.Documentation\bin\Debug\it\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\darren.brown\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\HypemediaWebApi2012\HypemediaWebApi2012\HypemediaWebApi2012.Documentation\bin\Debug\ja\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\darren.brown\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\HypemediaWebApi2012\HypemediaWebApi2012\HypemediaWebApi2012.Documentation\bin\Debug\ko\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\darren.brown\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\HypemediaWebApi2012\HypemediaWebApi2012\HypemediaWebApi2012.Documentation\bin\Debug\ru\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\darren.brown\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\HypemediaWebApi2012\HypemediaWebApi2012\HypemediaWebApi2012.Documentation\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\darren.brown\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\HypemediaWebApi2012\HypemediaWebApi2012\HypemediaWebApi2012.Documentation\bin\Debug\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\darren.brown\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\HypemediaWebApi2012\HypemediaWebApi2012\HypemediaWebApi2012.Documentation\bin\Debug\de\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\darren.brown\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\HypemediaWebApi2012\HypemediaWebApi2012\HypemediaWebApi2012.Documentation\bin\Debug\es\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\darren.brown\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\HypemediaWebApi2012\HypemediaWebApi2012\HypemediaWebApi2012.Documentation\bin\Debug\fr\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\darren.brown\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\HypemediaWebApi2012\HypemediaWebApi2012\HypemediaWebApi2012.Documentation\bin\Debug\it\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\darren.brown\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\HypemediaWebApi2012\HypemediaWebApi2012\HypemediaWebApi2012.Documentation\bin\Debug\ja\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\darren.brown\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\HypemediaWebApi2012\HypemediaWebApi2012\HypemediaWebApi2012.Documentation\bin\Debug\ko\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\darren.brown\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\HypemediaWebApi2012\HypemediaWebApi2012\HypemediaWebApi2012.Documentation\bin\Debug\ru\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\darren.brown\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\HypemediaWebApi2012\HypemediaWebApi2012\HypemediaWebApi2012.Documentation\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\darren.brown\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\HypemediaWebApi2012\HypemediaWebApi2012\HypemediaWebApi2012.Documentation\bin\Debug\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\darren.brown\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\HypemediaWebApi2012\HypemediaWebApi2012\HypemediaWebApi2012.Documentation\bin\Debug\de\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\darren.brown\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\HypemediaWebApi2012\HypemediaWebApi2012\HypemediaWebApi2012.Documentation\bin\Debug\es\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\darren.brown\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\HypemediaWebApi2012\HypemediaWebApi2012\HypemediaWebApi2012.Documentation\bin\Debug\fr\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\darren.brown\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\HypemediaWebApi2012\HypemediaWebApi2012\HypemediaWebApi2012.Documentation\bin\Debug\it\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\darren.brown\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\HypemediaWebApi2012\HypemediaWebApi2012\HypemediaWebApi2012.Documentation\bin\Debug\ja\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\darren.brown\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\HypemediaWebApi2012\HypemediaWebApi2012\HypemediaWebApi2012.Documentation\bin\Debug\ko\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\darren.brown\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\HypemediaWebApi2012\HypemediaWebApi2012\HypemediaWebApi2012.Documentation\bin\Debug\ru\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\darren.brown\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\HypemediaWebApi2012\HypemediaWebApi2012\HypemediaWebApi2012.Documentation\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\darren.brown\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\HypemediaWebApi2012\HypemediaWebApi2012\HypemediaWebApi2012.Documentation\bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\darren.brown\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\HypemediaWebApi2012\HypemediaWebApi2012\HypemediaWebApi2012.Documentation\obj\Debug\HypemediaWebApi2012.Documentation.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\darren.brown\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\HypemediaWebApi2012\HypemediaWebApi2012\HypemediaWebApi2012.Documentation\obj\Debug\HypemediaWebApi2012.Documentation.dll
c:\users\darren.brown\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\HypemediaWebApi2012\HypemediaWebApi2012\HypemediaWebApi2012.Documentation\obj\Debug\HypemediaWebApi2012.Documentation.pdb
